[Music]
[Applause]
yeah ditch the ditch the SEO beard
Brennan over here welcome to Chicago
welcome to Chicago in the springtime SEO
mashup Monday let's do it
what's up y'all if you're new here my
name is Brendan Hufford I've radically
changed I can't take this moustache
serious I radically changed my life with
SEO the goal of the 100 days of SEO
project is a help you do the same today
as SEO master Monday so I'm gonna
highlight some of my favorite content
from around the internet some that's SEO
focus and some I just want to talk about
first up today is this really awesome
article from Hillary Weiss about just
the dark side of the generic business
advice that everybody always gives up
like raise your prices it's not always
the best advice also there's this really
cool article about being ads rebranding
as Microsoft advertising and what
schools they're gonna be using more with
AI and doing different stuff it's cool
to see a competitor for Google AdWords
there's also a really good interesting
article that I've linked below about
just kind of walking through how Google
Ads plans to monetize the Google
business listings you're gonna want to
pay for these in the future it's
something to know to complement your
organic rankings I don't know it just
said this shot laying down it finally is
the 2018 Amazon letter to shareholders
the letter Jeff Bezos writes every
single year and I would have always
learned a ton from the Berkshire
Hathaway letters and this is no
different there's always some gold that
you can get out of these things so even
if it's just for the clarity of writing
and learning how to become a better
writer and a better thinker so
definitely check that out all right
child that is it thank you for checking
out SEO mashup Monday thank you to
flywheel my managed wordpress host
for sponsoring this episode also don't
forget to go to 100 days of SEO comm
check out the one ranking away 30-day
SEO challenge I it'll change your
business I still cannot take myself
seriously with this mustache look just
look just look how cool this
like what is in there what are they
doing in there
that's exciting anyways I've been
Brendon humper don't forget to work hard
be nice people and don't get too lost
trying to create something that matters
also I don't care what anybody says it's
still super freaking weird filming
yourself in public but here's the thing
it's like nobody else cares nobody cares
everybody's done with their own stuff
they're in their own head think about
you like can you name me five people you
saw on the street this morning No like
nobody cares nobody remembers to just
just do you make your thing
[Music]